All right. In this lesson, we just covered how to do
a diagram which helps you understand how everything works.
Now, with this information,
what we're going to do is obviously we're going to have
a more polished diagram which we're going to
use in the next lesson to actually turn it into infrastructure as code.
We're going to go into each component individually just like we did here,
but this time it's going to be from the code perspective.
We're going to go to CloudFormation.
We're going to use our Visual Studio code editor to
create each and every one of the resources one by one,
so we can have the same explanations cover into more detail.
I want to cover particularly the routing section which is critical for this course.
You will see that in more detail in the next lesson.